{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Programming by:
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li220\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Whitney Young <wbyoung@fadingred.org>\
Many long hours have been put into the development of this application, and as a developer it's always nice to know when people get use out of your software.  You can let me know that you find my software useful by sending me an e-mail or by donating.  Donating will more strongly promote future development, but a simple e-mail saying thanks means more than you would think.
\fs12 \

\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Senuti relies on:
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li500\fi-280\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Libgpod.  Since version 0.30, Senuti has used libgpod to parse iPod database files.  Visit http://www.gtkpod.org/libgpod.html for more information.\
Adium.  Portions of code taken from Adam Iser's and Evan Schoenberg's Adium.  Visit http://www.adiumx.com/ for more informaiton.
\fs12 \

\fs24 Sean Patrick O'Brien.  Portions of Sean's Control Framework is used in Senuti.  Visit http://www.seanpatrickobrien.com/ for more information.
\fs12 \

\fs24 \
Other contributors:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li500\fi-280\sa80\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Ravi J\
	Grant Jacobsen
\fs12 \

\fs24 	David Oberst\
	Adrian Oconnor\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li500\fi-280\sl360\slmult1\sa120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0     Copyright \'a9 2004-2008  Whitney Young\
\
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as\
    published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of\
    the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\
    warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\
    License for more details.\
\
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public\
    License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\
    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA\
    02111-1307  USA\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}